# My3C.io
There are many challenges in healthcare today. The most relevant from 3C’s perspective is convenient access to high quality affordable care.  Not just primary care access, but also specialty care access, preventive medicine, and diagnostic services.  Medical schools are not graduating enough new providers to keep up with the growth in population.  Settings of care are aging with availability of new beds, equipment, and technology unable to keep up.  As we see the number of caregivers dwindling, we are also seeing unprecedented demand for care.  Add a global pandemic to an already stressed industry where demand is outweighing supply and the result is an uncertain future.


We believe that artificial intelligence, combined with digital humans, physician treatment patterns, clinical research, and data-backed clinical decision-making represents the future of healthcare. 


3C.Health believes that the Nvidia Omniverse platform provides an integrated set of tools, solutions, and third-party integrations to develop Digital Clinicians that represent the exact likeness of physicians and other medical providers.  These Digital Clinicians can act as patient-facing trusted medical advisors that follow the same treatment protocols as their human doctors.

Digital Clinicians will be able to refill prescriptions, fill out patient questionnaires via conversational AI, treat low acuity protocol-based medical conditions, complete documentation for billing purposes, order diagnostic testing, gather monitoring data, and more!  By creating a “duplicate” of a clinician that already has these treatment protocols embedded via artificial intelligence, it takes away much of the burden of mundane day-to-day tasks that provide little to no value to the patient and frees human clinicians to practice at the top of their clinical license treating patients with higher acuity and chronic illness.  Additionally, it allows physicians and clinicians to increase the number of patients they can see thus improving access to care. 

Our vision at 3C is an immersive patient experience with a Digital Clinician that feels the same as interacting with a human clinician.  The experience is visually indistinguishable,  conversationally indistinguishable, and most importantly clinically indistinguishable.  Human clinicians will oversee a team of Digital Clinicians who do much of the low acuity work leaving only the most relevant clinical decisions and tasks to humans.  As the data and modeling matures, we believe that Digital Clinicians will be more likely to take on higher levels of patient acuity.  The real-world and synthetic data generated by the 3C.Health Digital Clinician platform will continuously improve the way we deliver healthcare forever.
